https://codepen.io/jtnorwood/pen/wvooxYQ?editors=1000

    1. HTML stands for hypertext markup language used on web pages
    2. HTML is used to structure the contents of a page.
    3. HTML attributes change the function of an element; 
    4. H1 tag Used to mark the most important part of the page, only used ONCE
    5. img and a requires attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    7. What is an id? ID specifies style in the document 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once 
    10. What is a class? specifies names for html elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? right click
    14. the alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id? #idName
    16. section element is to divide different parts of a document or webpage; div is a container that specifiess a section.
    17. CSS is used for used for presentation of a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. classes can be used more than once within an document 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. selects all elements that are a direct child of the already specified elementl; saves time when editing css.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? word added to a selector to change attributes of selector
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: [uppercase, lowecase, Capitalize]
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {
    border: 1px solid #000000; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? control (or command) +A
    30. place comments in CSS inside the <style> element start with /* and end with */ 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls -la
    33. remove using rmdir; be careful because they do not ask if you are sure you want to delete before doing so
    34. Why should I use version control? maintains history of changes that have happened
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        -fork
        -add collaborator
        -clone (git clone)
        -branch (checkout firstName-lastName)
        -work
        -push git push -u
        -pull request  